(man on PA system)
'Hazmat team to Cargo Bay 7.'
Ambassador G'Kar,
welcome back.
Captain Lochley.
Well, this is an honor.
Well, I thought after
everything you went through
on Centauri Prime, you might
like to see a friendly face.
- How's Londo?
- I don't know.
Though I mourn for my own people
in all my life, I don't think
I have felt more pity
for anyone than I do for him.
Well, maybe Emperor Mollari
will have more of a chance
at happiness than
Ambassador Mollari ever did.
I doubt it.
At least now,
things will settle
down here for a while.
Hm, maybe.
Um, I should mention
that there are
a few of your people
waiting to see you
in customs.
- Just a few?
- Mm-hmm.
Good, my presence
on Centauri Prime
during this little war
has probably cooled
their enthusiasm a bit.
I was afraid for a while
that this cult of personality
was getting out of hand.
What matters is that
you came to meet me.
G'Kar, I wouldn't have
missed this for the world.
[all chanting]
G'Kar! G'Kar! G'Kar! G'Kar!
[continues chanting]
Well, I'd better get going,
I have a meeting
with the president
and Mr. Garibaldi.
- Captain.
- See ya.
[continues chanting]
I..
[beeping]
Yeah?
- Michael, what's up?
- What's up what?
Look, the meeting
is about to start.
No, the meeting's
at, uh, 4 o'clock.
No, the meeting
is at 2:00, Michael.
Now you better get
down here fast.
Sorry, there, uh..
There was a mix-up
about the time.
It's alright.
Since you're already up,
why don't you start?
Well, uh, sure.
Uh, well, there's, uh, no secret
that the, uh, that the,
uh, Drazi didn't mind
the bombing of Centauri Prime.
Since the Minbari, uh..
Since the Centauri are the, uh
main competitors for trade and--
- 'Mr. Garibaldi.'
- Yes, sir?
- You're drunk.
- Mr. President, I..
Delenn, I need to see you
out in the hall for a moment.
The rest of you are dismissed.
We will reconvene later.
Michael, stay.
(Kosh)
And so it begins.
(male #1)
There's a hole in your mind.
(Sinclair)
What do you want?
(G'Kar)
No one here is exactly
what he appears.
(Sinclair)
Nothing's the same anymore.
(Hague)
Commander Sinclair
is being reassigned.
(Londo)
Why don't you eliminate
the entire Narn homeworld?
(Elric)
I see a great hand
reaching out of the stars.
(Sebastian)
Who are you?
(female #1)
President Clark has signed
a decree today declaring..
(Sheridan)
These orders have forced us
to declare independence.
Unless your people get off
their encounter
suited butts and do something.
(Zathras)
You're the one who was.
(Kosh)
If you go to Z'ha'dum,
you will die.
(Lorien)
Why are you here?
Do you have anything
worth living for?
(Delenn)
I think of my beautiful city
in flames.
(Sheridan)
Giants in the playground.
Now get the hell
out of our galaxy.
We are here to place
President Clark under arrest.
[theme music]
[inaudible]
Please sit.
If you don't mind,
I'd rather stand.
Suit yourself.
So, uh..
...when did you start
drinking again, Michael?
Look, if you're gonna fire me,
please just do it.
Get it over with.
When did you start
drinking again?
I don't know.
Not long ago,
a couple of months.
Yeah, that's just about
what I figured.
You knew?
I suspected.
I worried.
I tried to convince myself
that I was reading too much
into the meetings where
you were late or unprepared.
The recent decline
in your performance.
'You've been under a great deal
of pressure lately.'
Uh, what we went through
at the end of the Civil War
then coming right back here
without even a break in between.
I tried to tell myself
that it was just the strain
of the last year or so.
(Sheridan)
'I didn't know for sure
until today.'
Look, John, you've..
You got every reason
to be angry with me--
I'm not angry with you.
Not now.
I was.
But Delenn has a..
...a way of looking
at things that..
[sighs]
No, no, I'm not angry with you.
But I am very disappointed,
Michael.
I'd rather have you
yelling at me or angry.
Anything but disappointed.
I know I failed--
I didn't say I was disappointed
in you because of your failure.
I'm disappointed because I
didn't pick up on this earlier.
Disappointed because you felt
that you couldn't come to me
about this on your own.
When Stephen had his problem
a couple of years ago
I didn't step forward and offer
my help when I should have
and he damn near died
trying to deal
with his problem on his own.
I have made a lot of mistakes,
same as everybody else.
But I try not to make
the same mistake twice.
So I'm not fired?
I didn't say that.
I can't let this go unanswered.
You know that.
But on your own, the only person
you have to worry about
hurting or helping..
...is yourself.
So, no, you're not fired.
But I am placing you
on suspension.
How long?
Until you work this out.
That could take
a very long time.
It'll take what it takes.
We've had our problems, Michael.
But I am still your friend.
You have to understand
that your problem
is not between you and me.
You and your job or any of that.
Your problem is between you..
...and you.
And when you've
worked this out..
...we'll be here.
[indistinct chatter]
Uh, no, thank you.
I appreciate it, but no.
Alrighty. Thank you.
[beeping]
(G'Kar)
Go away.
(Franklin)
'Uh, G'Kar,
it's, uh, Dr. Franklin.'
'I, I need to speak with you
for a moment, please.'
(G'Kar)
'Enter.'
[indistinct chatter]
Quite a line
you've got out there, G'Kar.
I thought I had
a big waiting room.
I've stopped trying
to count them.
And more come by the hour,
by the minute.
- I don't understand it.
- Well, I do.
I got a call
from your government.
They've been trying to get
a hold of you ever since
you got back, but you're not
taking any calls.
It seemed a simpler way
of achieving a little peace
than hanging myself.
But why did the Kha'ri call you?
Well, doctors are supposed to
get involved in errands of mercy
and that's how
they pitched it to me.
They want me to tell you
that, uh, your homeworld
is up in arms, G'Kar.
Half of them want
you to come home
and take charge
of the whole place.
I told them no before.
My decision stands.
Please.
Thank you.
What do the other half want?
'Well, they want you
to come back long enough'
to give them your blessing
and let them run Narn
on your behalf.
Looks like your popularity back
home has kicked into high gear.
On what basis?
Well, apparently your people
believe that your presence
on Centauri Prime allowed them
to attack without retribution.
You came through it alive,
which they're considering
another not-so-minor miracle
and you don't want the power.
And people love giving power
to those they believe
don't want it.
This is insane.
Yeah, well, that's
as good a word as any.
I spoke with the captain.
She says that more ships are
arriving from Narn every hour
bringing more pilgrims
who want to learn from me.
If I stay here,
we'll be flooded with my people.
If I go home,
they'll make me into..
'...into this.'
Well, that doesn't leave
a lot of options now, does it?
None at all.
I've never understood that.
Why does the universe give us
puzzles with no answers?
Pay back, maybe?
'Evening up the scales
a little?'
The other day
I was thinking about
what you said about God
a few weeks ago
and I remembered
an old human saying.
Can God make a rock so big
that even he can't lift it?
Yes, I've heard it, but--
I wonder
if that's the wrong question?
if the right question is
can God create a puzzle
so difficult
a riddle so complex
that even he can't solve it?
What if that's us?
Maybe a problem like
this is God's way
of doing to us a little
of what we do to him?
- Captain?
- Yes, Zack, what is it?
I've got an emergency
transmission
from Earth security HQ
standing by.
I figured
you should be in on it.
Captain, good,
I was just telling Mr. Allan
that we've got a serious
problem on our hands.
During the last month,
there have been
a dozen more attacks
on Psi Corps property.
Bombings, sabotage, you name it.
Now we believe those
responsible are amateurs
but they're making up
for it with resources.
High-tech weapons, munitions
comm systems,
they've got it all.
Well, ma'am, you have my
sympathy, but I really don't see
what you expect us
to do about it.
This is an internal
matter that--
That runs right through
your office, captain.
Point one, at the site
of every bombing
we've found the words
"Remember Byron"
'painted on the walls.'
Now didn't you have
a telepath named Byron
come through Babylon 5 lately
leading a group
of rogue telepaths?
Yes, ma'am,
but that was take--
Point two, we've traced
the money used to purchase
the weapons used
in these attacks
through several shell companies.
The money trail ends
at Babylon 5.
Lyta.
(female #2)
'Now you are under orders'
to detain Lyta Alexander
for questioning.
Arrest her, if necessary
and return her to Earth
for a full inquiry
into her involvement
in these terrorist attacks.
[doorbell chimes]
Yeah, open.
Mr. Garibaldi.
Just thought I'd come by
and see how you're doing.
Me?
I am screwed up one side
and down the other.
This must be a really
great day for you, captain.
You got what you wanted.
I'm history.
Well, the president told me
you were suspended, not fired.
Same difference.
We both know I'm not getting
my job back any time soon
not after all this.
Well, if that's what
you've decided
then that's what's
gonna happen.
But you do have the option
to choose otherwise.
Thanks for the
fortune cookie wisdom.
- Anything else?
- No, not really.
I just thought I'd come by,
offer any help I can and..
...tell you that I understand.
You understand.
And you wanna help.
You? Even after we've
locked horns from day one?
That's right.
'And what makes you think
that you understand?'
What makes you think you know
what I'm going through, captain?
Huh? Please tell me 'cause
I could use a good laugh.
Alright.
- You're angry.
- Bravo, Miss Holmes.
A masterpiece of investigative
work, please, go on.
Because you feel like you're
alone, you need that anger
to, to push away anybody whose
compassion might contradict you.
'Because you feel like
you're not in control anymore.'
Hey, you may as well go
even further out of control.
And because you can't hurt
the people who hurt you
like Bester, you've got to
lash out at everybody else.
See, the drinking gives
a control freak like you
permission to let it go.
To, to be angry,
to lash out, to lose it.
Did you get that
out of a book?
Was it a psychology text or was
it one of those pop-up books?
Mr. Garibaldi..
- My father was an alcoholic.
- I am not an--
When he was drunk,
he used to lash out at us
just like you're lashing
out at me right now.
He wasn't mad at us.
He was mad at himself.
At what he was, at-at the walls
that were closing in around him.
And because he was
career military
he thought he had to keep
it buttoned up.
Shirts pressed, chin up
yes, sir, no, sir,
nothing in-between.
Doesn't matter what you feel,
you keep it down.
See, the alcohol gave him
permission to let go.
And what was he
angry about, huh?
At the time, I didn't know.
Hey, I was just a kid,
how the hell was I supposed
to understand any of this?
I figured it was,
it was my fault somehow.
So I was always trying
to fix whatever it was.
Nothing worked.
And after a while
I got so frustrated, so hurt
that I ran away from home.
Which just confirmed
his suspicions.
The same ones you've got.
And what are those?
'That you're a failure.'
That you're not good enough
to handle the job
and you've got no business
being here.
I'll tell you what, captain.
I've got a few things
to do around here
so why don't you just leave?
- Not until I'm finished.
- Get out.
- No.
- Fine. Then I'm gonna leave.
- Hey.
- What is wrong with you?
- Can't you take a hint?
- I'm not finished yet.
Besides, you're just walking
away to see if I'll follow you.
Why don't you stop
trying to tell me
what the hell I think,
alright?
Okay, then I'll tell you
a little more about my father.
Green 2.
After my mother died
I was the one who had
to go through the house
and figure out what to sell,
what to keep.
While I was going
through the attic
I came across some paintings
landscapes, portraits.
Beautiful work.
I looked at the signature and..
...they'd been painted
by my father.
It was the one thing he loved
almost as much
as he loved my mother.
He never wanted to be
in the military.
He just, he just did it because
everybody expected him to
like his father
and his father before that.
He stopped painting
the day he enlisted.
But he wanted to paint.
He was good at it.
And it was killing him not to,
one drink at a time.
[elevator dings]
He didn't see any way out of his
life, any way to change it.
But the door's
always there, Michael.
You just have to open it.
Okay, fine,
so you had a hard life
and your old man had
some real life problems.
But that doesn't mean
that you understand
what I'm going through.
In all the time
that you've been here
I've never even seen you
take a drink.
No, you haven't.
Because I've got the same exact
damn problem you've got.
I-I, I didn't--
'No. no, of course, you didn't.'
You see
children of alcoholics usually
end up one of two ways.
Either they, they try
to help everybody else
because they couldn't
help themselves
or they become alcoholics.
'I couldn't stop what was
happening to my father.'
So I became
the very thing I hated.
Oh, if it could
be swallowed, shot
or smoked, oh, I did it.
Until somebody
very close to me died.
Then I realized
what I was doing.
After that,
I tried to get better.
And it hasn't been easy.
Every day is a struggle.
So if you think I don't know
what you're feeling, mister
you're wrong.
You're dead wrong.
[dings]
Maybe that's why we didn't
get along from day one.
Maybe we recognized
too much of ourselves
in the other person.
I couldn't help my father.
And I couldn't help myself
at the time, but..
...maybe I can help you
the only way I know how.
By telling you all that.
At least you know
you're not alone.
Everything else..
...is up to you.
Sorry to be late.
Sheridan here?
No, not yet.
Oh, he said he wanted to be
here when we arrested her.
Well, we can't wait forever.
Where is she?
Over there.
'The guy she's talking
to is Wolfgang Schneider.'
'An arms dealer.'
'Works with the Narns a lot'
but strictly freelance.
Pretty blatant, meeting out
in the open like this.
Probably means she's not worried
about interference from us.
Oh, if that doesn't worry you,
it scares the hell out of me.
Alright, everybody in place?
Yeah, parked and ready to go.
- Let's go.
- Alright, follow us in.
(Lochley)
'Lyta? We need to talk to you.'
Go ahead.
I'll catch up with you later.
We'd like you to come with us.
Am I under arrest, Zack?
We just need you
to answer some questions.
Now we can do this
any way you like.
But if we have to arrest you,
that's what we'll do.
What's the charge?
Aiding and abetting terrorist
activities back home.
'Look, there's no reason
to make a scene here.'
Just come with us.
What if I don't wanna go?
I don't think you have
a lot of choice.
Are you sure
about that, captain?
[tapping]
Lyta.
[thumping]
I'm tired of being pushed
around, captain.
[synchronized thumping]
I do not choose to be arrested.
I've done a lot for this place.
And just once
I think a little gratitude
would be in order, don't you?
- Lyta, don't force us to--
- To what?
Zack?
You cannot harm me.
You cannot stop someone
who's been touched by Vorlons.
You're not the only one that's
been touched by the Vorlons.
Let them go.
Let them go or I'll blow
the back of your skull off.
[indistinct chatter]
You can't be everywhere,
Mr. President.
Good point.
[grunts]
Get her out of here
and put her in Level 1 lockup.
I hate myself for saying this
but maybe you should've pulled
the trigger while you could.
You may not get another chance.
(Garibaldi)
Captain?
Captain, I've
been looking for you.
I, uh, I heard about
what happened with Lyta.
Oh, yeah, what the hell's going
on with her, anyway?
Her attitude and her abilities?
Getting more destructive
every day.
I don't know,
maybe they're linked somehow.
You know, the angrier she gets,
the more her abilities increase?
Maybe it's the other way around.
Oh, she's been
through hell lately
and maybe just hit
the end of the road.
Great, so now what
do I do with her?
I can't keep her
locked up indefinitely.
And if I try to send her home,
it'll be a bloodbath.
Anyway, I'm glad you're here.
There's something
you should see.
Uh, before we do that.
The reason that I was looking
for you was
well, I, I just want
to say I'm sorry
for yelling at you earlier.
I, I know how hard
that must've been for you
and I appreciate what you said
and why you said it.
I don't know what
I'm gonna do about it yet
but, uh, I just
wanted to say thanks.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, I'll bite.
- What am I looking for?
- 'Michael.'
Lise?
Oh!
I came as soon
as I got your message.
There's nothing like
the love of a good woman
to keep your spirits up,
is there, Mr. Garibaldi?
What, uh, part of my message
did you get?
We've been having trouble
with the comm system, see, and..
The most important part.
The part that said I need you.
And you came here
just on that.
What more is there?
Mmm, oh, it's good to see you.
Mmm.
I just heard the news.
Is that her?
Yeah, we put her in
the brig furthest away
from any human contact and put
the system on auto-maintenance.
Now, that should make it
harder for her
to influence anyone
to let her out. Water?
No. No, thanks.
I just don't
understand it, Stephen.
What could make her
turn like this?
Well, let's see,
she was, uh
adjusted by the Vorlons,
dumped by the Vorlons
used as a weapon.
Quit the corps.
Lost the only man she ever loved
and dedicated herself
to finishing his work.
Pick one or all of the above.
Let's face it, she's pissed.
Mmm, massively.
No, there's something
more going on here.
Something that pushed
her over the edge.
I mean, first Londo,
then Garibaldi, and now this.
I tell you, the next person
who acts irrationally
I swear I'm gonna shoot
myself in the head.
Bastards!
- Did she just--
- She did.
- I'll get the gun.
- Delenn, are you--
- Bastards!
- Yeah, we got that part.
The Narn government says
they're going to boycott
all our ships
until G'Kar comes home.
Well, that's not our choice.
He doesn't wanna go home.
They say he's staying here
out of a sense of obligation.
And that if we tell him
to go home, he will.
- They're insane.
- I know, and I just, I..
I don't think I can, I..
- I can..
- Delenn?
Franklin to Medlab 1.
We need a trauma team,
Sheridan's office, stat.
And, the bottom line is,
I'm suspended indefinitely.
- Till I get it worked out.
- 'Michael, it doesn't matter.'
(Lise)
'You were gonna leave
at the end of the year anyway.'
At least that's what
you told me.
Did you mean it?
Of course, I meant it.
That doesn't change anything.
[sighs]
I messed up, Lise.
I messed up more than
I've ever messed anything up
in my whole damn life and I
don't know what to do about it.
I'm gonna try and sober up.
I know I can do it.
It may take a while,
it may take a long while.
So what am I supposed
to do in the meantime?
Come back to Mars with me.
No, no, I, I can't do that
not until I get my act together.
Not until I get it alright.
Well, then you may
as well give up
because nobody
gets it 100 percent right.
I just wanna give you
a normal life.
There is no normal life,
Michael.
There's just life.
I know you have a problem
but we can work
through it together.
The hell with this job, Michael.
I need you.
I'm still trying to get a handle
on running Edgars Industries.
There's a lot going on,
a lot I don't understand
a lot I don't wanna understand.
You can be a huge help to me.
And I can help you.
That's what married couples do.
You, um..
You still wanna go
through with this?
More than anything
in my entire life.
I lost you twice, Michael.
I have no intention
of losing you again.
I'm offering you love..
...and passion..
...and co-ownership
of one of the biggest
corporations on Mars.
Mmm.
What do you say?
I'd say that the president
just got outbid.
Hmm.
Yeah.
One of the biggest
corporations on Mars.
Michael, where are you going?
To kill two teeps
with one stone.
- Well, how is she?
- She's stable for now.
Only time will tell
if her system can adjust
to handle the stress
she's putting on it.
That's why she, uh,
just shut down like that.
Look, you have to understand
she's a Minbari-human hybrid.
Things aren't gonna
work the same.
Wait, wh-what are you
talking about?
What is wrong with her?
She's pregnant.
Pregnant.
I, I didn't even know she could.
I thought you said that the
blood tests were inconclusive.
No, I said that I didn't know
if the two of you could
ever have children.
We're in uncharted terrain,
John.
Now, I figured the odds
were 100 to one against
which, I guess, goes to show you
I wasn't born to gamble.
Do you want the child?
Will she be okay? Uh..
I mean, you said
this is putting
a, a terrible strain
on her system.
Uh, will she be able to carry it
full term and survive?
I don't know.
Sh-she's young.
She's in good shape.
She's strong-willed,
that's for sure.
If you're asking for a yes or no
answer, I can't give you one.
The odds are good.
But as we just saw,
I have been wrong before.
If I have to choose
between the baby and her..
...it's her.
But if I can have both..
...I want both.
I know she'd want it.
Hello, Lyta.
Just wanna stop by
and see how you were doing.
In case you're wondering,
I, uh..
...I don't have
any access codes.
I don't have any way
to get you out of here
so we might as well
just both...relax.
Right?
I'm, uh..
I'm just gonna..
...sit over here..
...and, uh..
We can talk, okay?
They, uh, tell me that you're
having problems back home.
I know you think you can fight
your way out of it, but..
...you're not gonna
be able to do any good
if they keep you drugged
during stasis for the trip home.
Once they got you back..
I sure would hate to visit
Psi Corps headquarters
and see bits of you floating
around in jars of formaldehyde.
'I think I can help you, Lyta.'
I can help you and..
...and you can help me.
Now if you're interested,
I'll try and get us transferred
to another cell
where we can talk privately
without having that camera watch
over us the whole time.
- What camera?
- Right.
Okay.
Okay, here's my proposition.
We know that you've
been funneling money
to the underground back home
and in turn,
hitting the Psi Corps.
You're doing it
because you don't like
what they've done to you
and the other telepaths.
Well, we've got
something in common.
Because I don't like
what they've done to me.
They messed with my mind
and Bester planted
a neural block in my head
that keeps me from nailin'
that sucker's head to the wall.
That, and, um, a few other
things that have happened lately
have caused me a few problems.
- You're drinking again.
- Yeah.
'I can't help you.'
Even I can't get rid
of an addiction.
There's no easy solutions.
I know.
Believe me, I do.
But there is one thing
that you can do.
You can take out
Bester's neural block.
That's when all my problems
started to happen again.
I mean, if you give me
the freedom to get back at him
then maybe, just maybe,
I might have a chance
to get a little control
over my life again.
And in return?
I can have a very influential
corporation talk to Earth
on your behalf
to drop the charges.
But I'd have to leave Babylon 5
and not come back.
That would have to be the deal.
It's not enough.
How much is your revenge
worth to you, Michael?
I told you this isn't
about revenge, Lyta.
I am just trying to get back
in control of my life again.
Of course.
In that case, I have
a counter proposal for you.
(Michael)
'Of course, we wouldn't be
in this situation'
'if G'Kar hadn't given Lyta
a hell of a lot of money'
'in exchange for her
giving the Narns telepath DNA.'
Well, that's still
only a rumor, Michael.
And even if it's true,
Narn internal affairs
are strictly off-limits
to the Alliance.
Oh, it's true, alright.
Look all the transactions
have been
placed in a secret account
and only she has
the access code.
Now, she's agreed to transfer
the money into a secret fund
that's gonna be used
exclusively to help telepaths.
No more blowing stuff up.
Ledgers will be kept,
accounts will be balanced.
The books will be made
available for review
by anybody who wants
to see them anytime.
Now who's gonna supervise
this trust fund?
She's given me authority
to pick someone.
Now, captain,
I give you my word.
Every penny in that fund
will be accounted for.
Alright, assuming this is true,
I still don't have
the authority to let her go.
'You'll have it by the end
of the day'
because there's a certain
senator who receives
a fairly large campaign
contribution every year
from Edgars Industries who is
gonna intercede on her behalf.
Okay, once she's out
of the brig, then what?
I, I can't just let her
wander around Babylon-5
in her current state.
She is extremely powerful,
very dangerous
and, for my money, unstable.
I just happened to catch the
last part of your discussion
and I believe
we have a common solution
to our respective problems.
Well, alright, let's hear it.
This is how I've come
to be seen by my people.
Despite my best efforts,
I've become an icon.
'I didn't understand
why or how until I saw this.'
I realized it's simpler
to make a statue to someone
who you believe embodies
all your better qualities
than it is to actually
improve yourself.
And this saves you
from having to think.
Exactly.
For the last year,
I've tried to point my people
toward the simple truth that
we are one regardless of race.
Somehow, that message
has gotten twisted
so that I have become their idea
of the truth personified.
Once you turn into this, you can
no longer be who you are.
You can only be what
they want you to be
what they expect you to be.
If I return, they will try
to make me into this
'and I cannot allow that.'
If I stay here,
my followers will continue
to disrupt Babylon 5.
Is that not true, captain?
I hate to say it,
but yes, that's correct.
So you see, Lyta and I
are in the same position.
Neither of us can go home
and neither of us
can stay here any longer.
Then where do you go?
Out there.
Visiting Centauri Prime
helped me
understand the Centauri.
And out of that came a new peace
between our people.
I also realized that there is
so much I have never seen.
How much more
could I understand?
could I help my people
if I saw even more
of the universe around us?
I could destroy this
by betraying my principles.
But I can't do that.
So I have decided to go away.
I will return when I've found
a way to destroy this
while keeping
the message intact.
What about Lyta?
I could use
a traveling companion.
I have learned a great deal
about healing wounds
and curing anger.
Perhaps, in my way, I can help
her deal with her own anger
as I dealt with mine.
Either way, as soon as
I put my affairs in order
I am leaving Babylon 5.
And it is entirely possible
that I may never return.
Oh, I didn't hear you come in.
Did you talk with the captain?
Yes, I did.
Did she go for the deal?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, she did.
Oh, it, uh, it turns out
that G'Kar's leaving too.
You know, it's funny, with..
With him leaving
and taking Lyta with him
and Franklin taking
a job back on Earth
me leaving soon, Londo gone.
Hell, even Sheridan's
heading off
to Minbar with Delenn
as soon as he gets
the new facilities
for the Alliance in order.
I don't know, it just, uh..
It doesn't seem like this place
is gonna be the same anymore.
Life is change.
It's a good thing.
What matters is you've
taken the first step
to putting your life
back together.
You made a good deal.
Get ready for bed.
You look exhausted.
[sighs]
Oh, yeah.
I made a good deal.
(Lyta)
I have
a counter proposal for you.
I've done everything
I could, Michael.
I, I raised money
to help fight the Psi Corps
but the way they tracked it
back to me shows I don't have
the background to know
how to use it.
You do.
With Edgars Industries,
you've got resources, contacts
and a way to move
large amounts of money
without attracting attention.
So here's my deal.
We'll set up two accounts.
The first one's for show.
The second one is the real
account, the big one.
Use that money to hurt
the Psi Corps
and help my people.
You can't hurt Bester directly
because of the neural block
but you can help me bring down
everything he cares about.
You can help me
destroy the Psi Corps
and free my people.
Well, why not just remove
the neural block?
Because it's a great motivator.
You won't rest until it's gone
and I'm the only hope you've got
of ever gettin' rid of it.
I'll check back with you
after two years.
If you've done as I ask,
if you've created a force
I can use against the Corps..
...I'll take out
that neural block.
Then you can deal with Bester.
I'll deal with the Corps.
We both get what we want.
Aren't you taking
an awful chance?
I could just grab
the money and run.
I don't believe you'd do that.
If I thought otherwise,
I'd kill you where you stand.
How?
My turn.
You want me as a partner?
Then I have to be
in all the way.
So I need to know, Lyta.
Something's happened
to your abilities.
You're not a P5 anymore.
Hell, you're not even a P12.
You're the strongest telepath
that I've ever seen.
What did the Vorlons
do to you, Lyta?
Who..
What are you?
I've only recently begun
to understand it myself.
You know the Vorlons used
telepaths as weapons
during the Shadow War,
but what no one stopped
to consider was that in a war
you have a certain number
of small weapons
a certain number
of medium-size weapons..
...and one or two big ones..
...the kind of weapons
you drop when you're..
...out of the small weapons
and the medium weapons
and you've got
nothin' left to use.
Someone like that would..
...be the telepathic equivalent
of a thermonuclear device
a...a doomsday weapon.
Pleased to meet you,
Mr. Garibaldi.
[sighs]
Stop staring at me.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't help it.
One would think
you have never seen
a pregnant half-human
half-Minbari before.
Oh.
So why weren't you sleeping?
I was just laying
here and thinking.
We haven't heard a word
from Londo since we came back.
I find I miss him.
He's probably just busy.
He's got a lot
of responsibilities now.
He'll have to adjust
to being emperor
like I had to adjust
to my new job.
I'm sure that's all.
Hell, he's probably still
celebrating his coronation..
...partying all night.
I hope so.
I hope he's alright, John.
I really do.
[instrumental music]
[theme music]